Adrien/docker+upped transifex cli (#241)
opengisch/QField-docs: README.md

You most likely want to make changes to the files in the folder `en`. That's
where all the real documentation text is located.

#### Testing your changes (on your local machine)

```sh
pipenv install -r requirements.txt
pipenv run mkdocs serve
```

The local doc will be available at http://localhost:8000.

> To test your work against your pre-commit hook:
> 
>     pipenv install pre-commit
>     pre-commit run --all-files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Contribute
Before commiting, install [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/) to auto-format your contributions.

```
pip install pre-commit
pre-commit install
```

Author: Thank you very much, committed your suggestion, amended to pip install --user to minimize footprint on system-wide Python.
